 Acquiring information through modern day tools comes in a variety of different methods. There are a lot of ways in which different types media deliver whatever information one might be looking for. Graphs, maps, pictures, and videos are growing aspects in the world of media that are becoming used more and more in order to acquire new information. Moretti and Drucker argue that visuals forms of media such as graphs and maps should be used alongside written forms of media such as text in order to attain the next generation of digital humanities scholarship. This is argument is definitely true and can be supported in a variety of ways. In order to gather the most amount of information, being able to do extensive research efficiently is essential.  

By using more than just written forms of media such as videos and pictures, one would be able to attain visual knowledge of a certain subject. Being able to do this is very important to those a part of the digital humanities industry because they are the ones not only using these medias but also creating them as well. By using visual and written forms of media, one would be able to analyze the information a lot better too. These tools (graphs, maps, etc.) provide a visual aspect of learning where to some information is easier to handle and absorb, thus making the stage of analyzing the information easier too. Not only would one have the technical and theoretical knowledge from texts, they would also have the visual cues and data to better understand a given subject. Using forms of media such as images, audio, and graphs in addition to written forms of media is beneficial because it provides aspects such as extensive knowledge, better ways of analyzing the information, and creates new forms of media that can relay information to any user.  

Gathering as much accurate information as possible about a subject is the best way for someone to understand set subject. As a student doing research for assignments and extracurricular activities, being able to acquire information is essential. By using multiple types of media, I can obtain a much more substantial amount of information than I would be from just texts and written forms of media. By seeing images, graphs, and maps I can gain a visual representation of what the author is trying to describe or relay and thus analyze it and make my own interpretation of the data. Even for tasks as simple as looking for directions, looking at maps gives you a clear image of which turns to make and the quickest path to follow. Combine this knowledge with the data obtained from any written texts, anyone would be able to have a clear image of where to go and how to get there. In today's age of technology, the internet makes acquiring this knowledge is much easier and makes it so that is accessible at any point in time. 

 Analyzing data is an essential part of acquiring knowledge. Being able to understand the information gathered is important so that you can form your own opinions and ideas. By just reading written material, it is sometimes hard to understand what messages that the author is trying to get across. How by using tools that offer visual representations of the data, it makes it easier for the user to comprehend what the author is talking about. Voyant is a great tool to represent information from texts visually. Voyant can go through and decipher any main ideas and concepts that the text has. It can take written forms such as essays and articles and represent the data in graphs and picture representations that provide a clear depiction of what the author is talking about. By using Voyant and analyzing some text relating to Digital Humanities (given to us by the prof) you can clearly see what the article is about from just the representation of the words alone. Digital Humanities is clearly emphasized and is obviously related to that area. You can also use this tool to go further and analyze the relations between words such as “Culture” and “Cultural” (as seen in the link provided). Thus, using visual tools to represent data does provide a clear benefit in cultural phenomena such as data analysis.  


<!--	Exported from Voyant Tools (voyant-tools.org).
The iframe src attribute below uses a relative protocol to better function with both
http and https sites, but if you're embedding this into a local web page (file protocol)
you should add an explicit protocol (https if you're using voyant-tools.org, otherwise
it depends on this server.
Feel free to change the height and width values or other styling below: -->

<iframe style='width: 364px; height: 271px;' src='https://voyant-tools.org/?corpus=dc2d2c96da90a8e7f434c81bf328ab8c&panels=cirrus,reader,trends,summary,contexts'></iframe>


<iframe style='width: 364px; height: 271px;' src='https://voyant-tools.org/?corpus=dc2d2c96da90a8e7f434c81bf328ab8c&query=culture&query=cultural&view=Trends'></iframe>


<iframe style="width: auto; height: 1010px;" src="processing/index.html"></iframe>

Using these forms of visual media can also lead to a new way of media to represent data or for instance the next generation of media. By combining two or more concepts a new medium can be created, which has happened before. For example, audio has come a long way from the 1980s form of vinyl. Ever since the vinyl was created audio representation has evolved in many different forms. Stemming from vinyl came cassettes, then CD’s and CD players, and now a digital form called MP4 files. Each form of evolution came from combining one idea with another to form new types of media. Tools such as Voyant are also good representations of this concept as well.  

Both Moretti and Drucker argue that visual forms should be used in addition to written forms to represent cultural phenomena. This is proved to be beneficial by providing aspects such as extensive knowledge, better ways of analyzing the information, and creates new forms of media that can relay information to any user. Digital humanities is an ever growing industry especially since technology is still growing and offers plenty of room for innovation. As a student of this field I am not only interested in this concept, but I also want to be part of it. By working multiple forms of medias, it will provide me the best opportunity to contribute to this industry and hopefully innovate into a new era of cultural phenomena.  
